Refactor documentation and improve tgi deployment (#610)
huggingface/optimum-neuron: docs/source/guides/neuronx_tgi.mdx

## Features

The basic TGI features are supported:

- continuous batching,
- token streaming,
- greedy search and multinomial sampling using [transformers](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/generation_strategies#customize-text-generation).

## License

NeuronX TGI is released under an [Apache2 License](https://github.com/huggingface/text-generation-inference?tab=Apache-2.0-1-ov-file#readme).

## Deploy the service from the Hugging Face hub

The simplest way to deploy the NeuronX TGI service for a specific model is to follow the
deployment instructions in the model card:

- click on the "Deploy" button on the right,
- select your deployment service ("Inference Endpoints" and "SageMaker" are supported),
- select "AWS Inferentia",
- follow the instructions.

## Deploy the service on a dedicated host

The service is launched simply by running the neuronx-tgi container with two sets of parameters:

```
docker run <system_parameters> ghcr.io/huggingface/neuronx-tgi:latest <service_parameters>
```

- system parameters are used to map ports, volumes and devices between the host and the service,
- service parameters are forwarded to the `text-generation-launcher`.

> When deploying a service, you will need a working Neuron model. The NeuronX TGI service supports two main modes of operation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying a service, you will need a pre-compiled Neuron model. The NeuronX TGI service supports two main modes of operation:
```
